liveTracking,speed,dateTime,false,zero to many,false
liveTracking,speed,location,false,zero to many,false
liveTracking,speed,car,false,zero to many,false
liveTracking,speed,customer,false,zero to many,false
locationTimeSpent,reStartTime,dateTime,true,zero to many,false
locationTimeSpent,reStartTime,location,true,zero to many,false
locationTimeSpent,reStartTime,car,true,zero to many,false
locationTimeSpent,reStartTime,customer,true,zero to many,false
totalCost,cost,date,true,zero to many,false
totalCost,cost,car,true,zero to many,false
totalCost,cost,customer,true,zero to many,false
carDamageCost,damageCost,date,true,zero to many,false
carDamageCost,damageCost,car,true,zero to many,false
carDamageCost,damageCost,customer,true,zero to many,false
carDamageCost,damageCost,damage,true,zero to many,false
overtimeCost,overtimeCost,date,true,zero to many,false
overtimeCost,overtimeCost,car,true,zero to many,false
overtimeCost,overtimeCost,customer,true,zero to many,false
perNightCost,dailyCost,date,true,zero to many,false
perNightCost,dailyCost,car,true,zero to many,false
perNightCost,dailyCost,customer,true,zero to many,false
rentalRate,carFlatRate,date,true,zero to many,false
rentalRate,carFlatRate,car,true,zero to many,false
rentalRate,carFlatRate,customer,true,zero to many,false
sundryMaintenance,smAmount,car,true,zero to many,false
sundryMaintenance,smAmount,date,true,zero to many,false
sundryMaintenance,smAmount,mechanic,true,zero to many,false
sundryMaintenance,smAmount,sundryMaintenance_Number,true,zero to many,false
sundryMtLine,amount,maintenanceType,true,zero to many,false
sundryMtLine,amount,car,true,zero to many,false
sundryMtLine,amount,date,true,zero to many,false
sundryMtLine,amount,sundryMtLineNumber,true,zero to many,false
regularServicing,servicingAmount,car,true,zero to many,false
regularServicing,servicingAmount,date,true,zero to many,false
regularServicing,servicingAmount,serviceCenter,true,zero to many,false
regularServicing,servicingAmount,regularServicing_Number,true,zero to many,false
serviceLine,amount,maintenanceType,true,zero to many,false
serviceLine,amount,car,true,zero to many,false
serviceLine,amount,date,true,zero to many,false
serviceLine,amount,serviceLineNumber,true,zero to many,false
maintenanceCosts,cost,car,true,zero to many,false
maintenanceCosts,cost,date,true,zero to many,false
breakdownRepair,amount,car,true,zero to many,false
breakdownRepair,amount,date,true,zero to many,false
breakdownRepair,amount,mechanic,true,zero to many,false
insuranceRenewal,renewalCost,car,true,zero to many,false
insuranceRenewal,renewalCost,date,true,zero to many,false
insuranceRenewal,renewalCost,insurancecompany,true,zero to many,true
wheelBalancing,price,car,true,zero to many,false
wheelBalancing,price,date,true,zero to many,false
wheelBalancing,price,wheelBalancing_Number,true,zero to many,false
whBalanLine,amount,car,true,zero to many,false
whBalanLine,amount,date,true,zero to many,false
whBalanLine,amount,balancingCompany,true,zero to many,false
whBalanLine,amount,whBalanLineNumber,true,zero to many,false
tyreReplacement,price,car,true,zero to many,false
tyreReplacement,price,date,true,zero to many,false
tyreReplacement,price,tyreReplacement_Number,true,zero to many,false
tyreReplacement,price,unitCompany,true,zero to many,false
tryeReplLine,amount,car,true,zero to many,false
tryeReplLine,amount,date,true,zero to many,false
tryeReplLine,amount,tyrecompany,true,zero to many,false
tryeReplLine,amount,tyre,true,zero to many,false
tryeReplLine,amount,tryeReplLineNumber,true,zero to many,false
PUC,amount,car,true,zero to many,false
PUC,amount,date,true,zero to many,false
PUC,amount,pucAgency,true,zero to many,false